What is a guy who's didn't max KMAX now in this video will be working over the tax option.
So it is asking that value be entering the price it's inclusive of tax.
So like that I don't have to manage everything right here.
OK.
The tax will be automatically inclusive.
No evil enterprise is exclusive of tax.
If I just select it then the tax will be will have to be added in my cart.
OK.
So then we have Kalika text based on customer shipping address customer billing address or Shaw base
address so if you are if you just care about the shop data for whatever product we sell to we have to
sell that 16 person GSD.
If I am in Pakistan and if I am in U.S. I have to send 15 percent if I am in London I have this in 20
person or something like that.
So you can where we can do customer shipping address for the tax as well but I will be moving on with
the shop base address.
OK so Shaw base address will be this the cash to calculate tax based on.
And then in the standard range we have to define that if someone is in Pakistan and then he will be
charging him 15 percent or something like that and then we have shipping tax Clontz.
So this is shipping tax clause based on card items so then we have standard used 0.
So you can select only one.
And then you have to stick on it okay.
So it is going to be selecting the standard because the shipping tax clause is going to be like this
so you can you can shipping next clause based on current items so you can define that later on in the
product that that this tax will be applied to this class so you can basically create three classes okay
and four more Biola you can go over this to produce three trees or four something like that.
If so if you're sending to government or something like that then you can go and see it or they create
something like that.
OK.
So but I will be moving up with the standard rate here.
Okay because I will be moving up the standard rates and this will be applied to all of the customers.
Every tax is the same.
Okay.
And then we have consolidated to be like customers shipping address.
And then we have the rounding around at subtotal level instead of rounding per line.
What is there is that when it will generate an invoice in the card section.
Okay so let's just go to our store right here and then let's add a product okay to the card.
Okay.
And on product you can see Ajax is rake here I click view card and then you can see that it will round
per line the tax year.
So instead of this I want to add this check out the subtotal just something like that.
So you can just select this and this will be around at the subtotal level.
Okay then we have the additional tax classes you can add the tax classes right here and they will be
added right here.
Okay so I will be just removing them because I don't want them I just want these standard rates and
this will be applied to everything.
Okay.
And then we have display play appraise in the shop so this will be including tax excluding tax.
I'm just going to have excluding tax so that I get more sales and then we have display more pract display
prices D-ring card and check out.
So you have to hit including tax because I'm doing card and checkout.
You have to show the tax but you can also select and excluding tax and it will be only available right
here.
Tax options.
OK.
And then we have price displaced suffixed so you can add like and what is this like here you can add
NCVS.
This means that inclusive of tax.
So you can't add a suffix right here.
OK.
But I will leave it as default.
OK and then we have the displayed tax totals so it is going to be itemized not as a single total.
OK.
So let's just come here and lotted save for a here and you can see these two will be deleted because
we have removed them from here and now let's go to the standard rates and let's add some tax rates right
here.
Okay I'm going to go here I'm going to get into it Carol and then I'm going to add the country code
to this is going to be OK for my country.
And then we have the state court I have to leave this as Treyc so that it will be applied to all of
the countries.
And then I have to also leave this stretch so that it will be applied to all the postcodes I have to
leave it as it is so that it does apply to every city and then I have this right here.
So this is going to be person data.
I'm going to add 16 person and the tax name is DSD Gorman's sales tax.
And this is going to be priority and I'm going to had shipping so it's going to be applied to shipping
and then I'm going to hit save changes right here.
OK.
I'm going to come here I'm going to hit refresh right now and you can see that DSD is now added instead
of GSD.
You can add it like 80 and the V8 the name is going to be added so Same like this.
Exactly same.
And when I come here and I just refreshed it you're going to see this right here.
OK.
So you can add one more and this here would be the country with a two digit Kundry go to example us
leave to apply to all.
So for us I'm going to I'm going to charge them sorry for UK.
Just go with us for us.
I'm going to charge them to 200 person tildes that's ok.
Just kidding OK.
I'm going to I'm here I'm going to hit refresh right now and you can see that I'm not in the US.
That is why this is coming right here.
If I am in the U.S. or if I use any sort of VPN to go the U.S. So it lets me just come here and let
me select to the U.S. right now.
OK.
Let me get him here.
Let me Slyke to you as you can see us is selected and then I come here and then I refresh this you're
going to see that it full Krabbe the location of my shipping address.
And then it also tell me that I'm in the U.S. and then it will charge me 200 percent text.
OK.
Let me come here.
Let me select us from here because it is not just give.
It has first got the IP address and then it is right here in the cache.
So I have to just search for United States.
OK.
And then I come here I just said this and again see and then on clicking update totals you're going
to see it is going to change to 200 percent.
So here you go.
So this is out going to work.
OK I'm going to come here I'm going to switch it off let's come here and here you can see that you can
also add a default category like if someone is not in Pakistan if someone is not in us then this will
be applied.
So if someone is not in any of them than we will charge them zero percent of debt.
OK.
So let's go ahead and let's say OK and then let's come here.
And if someone is in like let's suppose if someone is UAE and then I hit a day total you're going to
see no tax will be here.
OK.
So this is how it is working.
This is how this tax works so you have to enter the country.
And then you have to integrate that how you want the rate to be and then it will be added.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this and as you can see that we're done with the tax tab as well.
In the next video we will be working up the shipping tab.
So stay tuned.
And Bob.